PipelineController/README.md, before:

### Update as we know more

#### Pipeline
The Pipeline must:
  * Be built and connected using the block diagram given in the handouts.
  * Be able to read line by line from the testbench and store it into its data memory and instruction memory, _ideally concurrently_.
  * Be able to detect hazards and stall appropriately

#### Testbench
The Testbench must:
  1. Open both the program.txt and the memory.txt to begin sending to the pipeline
  2. Set the reset switch to '1'
  3. Read from the instructions translated by the assembler (the instructions are in binary), and pass them one at a time into the pipeline. These are 32 bit lines. _If possible_, pass them both in concurrently
  4. When all the data has been passed through, assert memory_in_finished and program_in_finished.
  4. Wait until the pipeline has asserted program_execution_finished.
  5. The pipeline should then output, one line at a time, the entire register file and the entire data file.
  6. Once finished, the testbench waits until the pipeline has asserted  memory_out_finished and register_out_finished
  7. Update the memory.txt file accordingly
  8. Update register_file.txt accordingly

(ctrl-shift-m)

Commit message:

updating documents as we realized that an FSM is unable to correctly compute inputs

PipelineController/README.md, after:

### Update as we know more

##### We realized that an FSM does not allow us to compute instructions in paralled, because it will only execute one state at a time. Thus the new design allows us to execute components in parallel.

#### Pipeline
The Pipeline is:
  1. a collection of components. Each component represents one stage in the pipeline. i.e. IF is one component, with it's own entity and architecture.
  2. components separated by a pipeline register. Each stage component can only access the adjacent pipeline registers initially. i.e. ID component can only interact with the if_id register and the id_ex register.
  3. components which are given access to memory if they need it. This means that IF can access the instruction memory, but perhaps not the register memory.
  4. A three stage FSM, with states _init_, _process_, and _finished_. _init_ communicates with the testbench to receive data. _process_ is where the processor is working, and _finished_ again communicates appropriately with the testbench in order to return data.

#### Testbench
The Testbench must:
  1. Open both the program.txt and the memory.txt to begin sending to the pipeline
  2. Set the reset switch to '1'
  3. Read from the instructions translated by the assembler (the instructions are in binary), and pass them one at a time into the pipeline. These are 32 bit lines.
  4. When all the data has been passed through, assert memory_in_finished and program_in_finished.
  4. Wait until the pipeline has asserted program_execution_finished.
  5. The pipeline should then output, one line at a time, the entire register file and the entire data file.
  6. Once finished, the testbench waits until the pipeline has asserted  memory_out_finished and register_out_finished
  7. Update the memory.txt file accordingly
  8. Update register_file.txt accordingly

(ctrl-shift-m)
